Document AsyncLocalStorage support (#7180)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage.md

  - Runs a function synchronously outside of a context and returns its return value. This method is equivalent to calling `run()` with the `store` value set to `undefined`.

{{</definitions>}}

## Static Methods

{{<definitions>}}

- `AsyncLocalStorage.bind(fn)` {{<type>}}Function{{</type>}}

  - Captures the asynchronous context that is current when `bind()` is called and returns a function that enters that context before calling the passed in function.

- `AsyncLocalStorage.snapshot()` {{<type>}}Function{{</type>}}

  - Captures the asynchronous context that is current when `snapshot()` is called and returns a function that enters that context before calling a given function.

{{</definitions>}}

## Examples

### Fetch Listener

```js
import { AsyncLocalStorage } from 'node:async_hooks';

const asyncLocalStorage = new AsyncLocalStorage();
let idSeq = 0;

export default {
  async fetch(req) {
    return asyncLocalStorage.run(idSeq++, () => {
      // Simulate some async activity...
      await scheduler.wait(1000);
      return new Response(asyncLocalStorage.getStore());
    });
  }
};
```

### Multiple stores

> The API supports multiple `AsyncLocalStorage` instances to be used concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use multiple `AsyncLocalStorage` instances concurrently:
```

```js
import { AsyncLocalStorage } from 'node:async_hooks';

const als = new AsyncLocalStorage();

function foo() { console.log(als.getStore()); }
function bar() { console.log(als.getStore()); }

const oneFoo = als.run(123, () => AsyncLocalStorage.bind(foo));
oneFoo(); // prints 123

const snapshot = als.run('abc', () => AsyncLocalStorage.snapshot());
snapshot(foo); // prints 'abc'
snapshot(bar); // prints 'abc'
```

```js
import { AsyncLocalStorage } from 'node:async_hooks';

const als = new AsyncLocalStorage();

class MyResource {
  #runInAsyncScope = AsyncLocalStorage.snapshot();

  doSomething() {
    this.#runInAsyncScope(() => {
      return als.getStore();
    });
  }
};

const myResource = als.run(123, () => new MyResource());
console.log(myResource.doSomething()); // prints 123
```

## AsyncResource

The [`AsyncResource`](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v18.x/docs/api/async_context.html#class-asyncresource) class is a component of Node.js' async context tracking API that allows users to create their own async contexts. Objects that extend from `AsyncResource` are capable of propagating the async context in much the same way as promises.

> Note that `AsyncLocalStorage.snapshot()` and `AsyncLocalStorage.bind()` provide a better approach. `AsyncResource` is provided solely for backwards compatibility with Node.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the same thing can be accomplished using `AsyncLocalStorage.snapshot()` and `AsyncLocalStorage.bind()`, and this approach is recommended. `AsyncResource` is provided solely for backwards compatibility with Node.js, and is not currently part of the [TC39 proposal for `AsyncContext`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-async-context).
```
